
What is the biggest planet in our solar system?
The highest mountain on earth is?
Pure water has a pH level of a around?
What is the name of the element with the chemical symbol He?
What are the colors of the United States of America's flag?
This sport consists of one player trying to throw a ball past another player who is trying to hit it. Which sport is it?
This fruit is typically eaten when it is yellow and one must peel it in order to get to the part that is edible. What fruit am I talking about?
Which of the following can typically be seen in the sky only at night time?
Based on square footage, which of the following countries is the smallest?
If Johnny mows one lawn a day and gets paid $10 to mow one lawn, how much money will he make in one week if he mows one lawn per day?
Which one of these dog breeds produces the largest dogs?
If one falls asleep at 10pm and wakes up at 8am, how many hours did this person sleep?
How many countries border Australia?
What hard structure protects the brain from injury?
What is the title of the United States of America's national anthem?
If one was to visit the North Pole, which direction must one travel to get there?
On a typical summer day in the Northern Hemisphere, in which city would you most likely find the highest temperature?
Who became president of the United States of America on 30 April 1789?
If one is eating a hamburger, what kind of meat is the person most likely eating?
If someone heard someone say the words Rose, Tulip and Marigold, what subject is the person most likely talking about?
In a typical deck of playing cards, which suits are red?
Which of these is the fastest?
Which one of the following website extensions is NOT a true website extension?
What do the following people have in common: Ty Cobb, Hank Aaron, Babe Ruth?
Which one of the following movies never had a sequel made?
Mixing blue and yellow paint together makes what color?
Not counting Kindergarten, how many years do the majority of American students go to school before they enter college?
A figure with three sides is called a what?
How long does it take the earth to revolve around the sun?
Let's begin with a spot of math- it has been mathematically proven that the recurring decimal 0.999... (with an infinite number of 9s) is *exactly* equal to ___ .
All natural numbers (1, 2, 3, 4, 5...) can grouped as 'odd' and 'even'. 'Even numbers' are specifically those numbers which, when divided by ___, give a remainder of zero.
The UN Security Council has 15 members in all. Out of these, how many are *permanent* members, enjoying veto powers?
Complete the lyrics for the famous Christmas song, "The Twelve Days of Christmas": "___ maids a-milking..."
This number is considered 'unlucky' by most cultures, but is 'lucky' for traditional Chinese people. At the Last Supper, this was the number of people (including Christ) who were present. A 'baker's dozen' has this number of loaves. Which number am I talking about?
The popular card game 'Blackjack', known as 'Pontoon' in the UK, is also called ___.
The element Selenium (Se) has an electronic configuration of '2-8-18-6'. What is its atomic number?
Which is the Odd One Out?
Which of the following was not a hit for Elvis Presley?
Which of the following peers of the realm had a popular snack named after him?
Which of the following is not a former member country of the Soviet Union?










