Radiocarbon is produced in the atmosphere as a result of
It is easier to roll a stone up a sloping road than to lift it vertical upwards because
The absorption of ink by blotting paper involves
Siphon will fail to work if
Large transformers, when used for some time, become very hot and are cooled by circulating oil. The heating of the transformer is due to
Nuclear sizes are expressed in a unit named
Light year is a unit of
Mirage is due to
Light from the Sun reaches us in nearly
Stars appears to move from east to west because
Pa(Pascal) is the unit for
Planets do not twinkle because
Metals are good conductors of electricity because
Let a thin capillary tube be replaced with another tube of insufficient length then, we find water
Out of the following pairs, choose the pair in which the physical quantities do not have identical dimension?
If two bodies of different masses, initially at rest, are acted upon by the same force for the same time, then the both bodies acquire the same
Pick out the scalar quantity
Rectifiers are used to convert
out of the following, which is not emitted by radioactive substance?
Sound waves in air are
Magnetism at the centre of a bar magnet is
It is more difficult to walk on a sandy road than on a concrete road because
Find the maximum velocity for the overturn of a car moving on a circular track of radius 100 m. The co-efficient of friction between the road and tyre is 0.2
Of the following properties of a wave, the one that is independent of the other is its
Lux is the SI unit of
On a rainy day, small oil films on water show brilliant colours. This is due to
Point A is at a lower electrical potential than point B. An electron between them on the line joining them will
Materials for rain-proof coats and tents owe their water-proof properties to
RADAR is used for	
Sound of frequency below 20 Hz is called	
On a clean glass plate a drop of water spreads to form a thin layer whereas a drop of mercury remains almost spherical because
Suitable impurities are added to a semiconductor depending on its use. This is done in order to
Stars twinkle because
It takes much longer to cook food in the hills than in the plains, because
Moment of inertia is
Of the following natural phenomena, tell which one known in Sanskrit as 'deer's thirst'?
Inside an aeroplane, flying at a high altitude,
Sound travels with a different speed in media. In what order does the velocity of sound increase in these media?
One thousand microns is equal to
Sound travels at the fastest speed in

