Ordinary table salt is sodium chloride. What is baking soda?
Ozone hole refers to
Pine, fir, spruce, cedar, larch and cypress are the famous timber-yielding plants of which several also occur widely in the hilly regions of India. All these belong to
Pollination is best defined as
Plants receive their nutrients mainly from
Movement of cell against concentration gradient is called
Photosynthesis generally takes place in which parts of the plant?
Plants synthesis protein from
Plants absorb dissolved nitrates from soil and convert them into
Out of 900 reported species of living gymnosperms, conifers are represented by about 500 species, About 2,50,000 species of angiosperms (flowering plants) have also been reported in the world. The vast and dominant woodlands in Europe, Asia, North America and mountains such as Himalayas are wooded with
One of the following is not a function of bones.
Plants absorb most part of water needed by them through their
Photo-oxidation is
Process of cell division can take place by
Most highly intelligent mammals are
Plant development is influenced by
Prokaryotic cells lack
Photosynthesis takes place faster in
Nucleus, the genetic material containing rounded body in each cell, was first discovered in 1831 by
Primary phloem develops from
Other than spreading malaria, anopheles mosquitoes are also vectors of
Plants that grow in saline water are called
Pyorrhoea is a disease of the
O2 released in the process of photosynthesis comes from
Placenta is the structure formed
Plants hormone that induces cell division is
Neurospora is used as genetic material because
Phloem is a tissue found in
N2 content is kept constant in the biosphere due to
out of proteins, lipids and carbohydrates present in a cell membrane, what is true?
Potato is a modified form (outgrowth) of
Of the following taxonomic categories which is the most inclusive (i.e. is the highest in hierarchy)?
Prothrombin which helps in clotting of blood is released by
Myopia is connected with
Most of the red, blue and purple colours of plants are due to a pigment called
Plants developing in dry conditions are
Plants growing on sand are called as
Our skin, when exposed to excess sunlight, becomes dark. This is because our skin pigments called
Ramapithecus and Cro-Magnon man are considered
Normal adult human male has