Renaissance started first in 
Which of the following is not true of the European renaissance ? 
The Last Super , a famous renaissance painting was a master piece of 
With which of the following is the term Liberty , Equality and Fraternity associated ? 
The author of the American Declaration of Independence was 
The Industrial Revolution First took place in 
Guernica, the world famous painting was painted by 
The author of the New Deal was  
The book Social Contract was written by 
The Renaissance scientist who explained how planets moved around the sun was 
The discovery of sea-route from Europe to India was made by 
Who raised the slogan No taxation without representation ? 
What was the name of the atom bomb dropped by USA on Hiroshima in Japan during the second world War ? 
The first successful socialist revolution in history was 
Where was Napolean sent in exile after the battle of waterloo ? 
Which of the following events occurred first ? 
The slogan No taxation without representation was first raised during the American Revolution in 
The European Renaissance of the fifteenth century is noted for great advances in 
German attack on poland was the immediate cause of 
Which was the first city destroyed by the atom bomb in second World War ? 
July 14 is celebrated every year as a national holiday in France. On this day in 1789, 
Who defined Democracy as the Government of the people, by the people and for the people ? 
The Fall of Bastille is associated with the 
Who is regarded as the founder of scientific socialism ? 
Das Capital and Communist Manifesto were written by 
The War of Independence of America was fought against the 
The first written republican constitution ever formed in history was that of the 
In the year 1815, the Battle of Waterloo was fought between 
The Fall of Bastille is associated with the 
The year 1992 is celebrated as the 500th anniversary of columbus first Voyage to the New World. In 1942 Columbus reached 
The Soviet Socialist Revolution of October is celebrated every year on November 7 because 
The famous painting Sun flower was done by 
Who among the following was a poet of the following events ? 
Who was the author of the Republic , a famous classic ? 
The Communist Manifesto was first published in 
The Industrial Revolution in the last quarter of the eighteenth century in England first affected the 
Russian revolutionary, who founded the Communist Party was 
The most important achievement of Abraham Lincolon was 
Under which of the following treaties did the British recognise the independence of 13 American Colonies ? 
Economic Crisis of 1930s originated in
