Researchers have found that the first blondes (dubbed "the blonde cavegirls") thrived soon after the last Ice Age. The blonde hair gene developed for all of the following reasons EXCEPT:
Blonde hair was highly desirable in ancient Rome and Greece for many unusual purposes. What was NOT one of the uses of blonde hair? 
Blonde hair comes in a multitude of tints and colors. What is not an adjective regularly joined with 'blonde' to denote a specific shade?
Some parts of the world produce a greater percentage of blonde-haired people than others. What is one country known for the large number of its inhabitants' blonde tresses?
All of the following genetic statistics are true about blonde hair EXCEPT:
Research conducted at the Nottingham Trent University found that women with blonde hair exhibited which affective response?
A French study concluded that exposure to blonde-haired women made men behave with less mental aptitude than they normally would. What was the reason hypothesized?
According to British researchers, which of the following is true about blondes?
The Golden Boy stands on tiptoe on the dome of the Legislative Building in my hometown. Do you know where I am?
In 1939, another Golden Boy made the news. 'The Golden Boy' was the screen version of a play and it starred William Holden and Barbara Stanwyck. Who was the playwright?
The Golden Gate is the strait at the entrance to San Francisco Bay. Who gave it that name?
When Queen Elizabeth II celebrated her 'Golden Jubilee' in 2002, she became the ______ English or British monarch to rule for 50 years or more.
Which saint was dubbed 'golden-mouthed" for his eloquence?
Where in the Bible would you find the story of the Golden Calf?
Who or what was the Golden Horde?
Who or what was Golden Ball?
When someone says "the golden bowl is broken", he or she is alluding to death. What is the source of the saying?
Which German city was known as the Golden Town in the Middle Ages?
In November 1980, 41m US TV viewers watched the "Who Shot J.R.?" episode in "Dallas", a national record at the time. Which of these shows was watched by more than this?
When it was completed in 1931, the Empire State Building In New York City was the tallest building in the USA and in the world. It had 102 floors. Which of these US buildings had more than this?
In November 2006, a Jackson Pollock painting, "No. 5, 1948", created a record when it sold for $140m. Which of the following, in 2011, broke this record when sold for more than this?
In June of 1969, a UK TV documentary on the Royal Family created a record for non-sporting TV shows by attracting 30.69m viewers. Which of these special event UK TV broadcasts was seen by more than this?
Babe Ruth is probably the most famous baseball player that even non-baseball fans have heard of. In his career he hit 714 home runs, a record he held for many years. Which of these hit more than this?
The movie "Gigi" created a record by winning nine Academy Awards. Which of these movies broke that record by winning more than this?
In July 2011, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2" became the first movie to gross more than $160m in its first weekend in North America. Which of these movies grossed more than this in its first weekend?
When it first flew in 1970, the Boeing 747 created a record for the number of passenger seats, 498. Which of these had more than this?
The Wittelsbach Diamond was sold at auction for $25m in 2008 to create a new world record. On which of the following did the hammer come down in 2010 for more than this?
In July 2006, Andriy Shevchenko became the first footballer (soccer player) to join a British club for a transfer fee of more than £30m. Which player was bought for more than this in a transfer deal from a Spanish club?
How tall is the tallest unicycle?
Who is oldest woman to finish a marathon?
Who is the youngest hole in one golfer?
How big is the biggest disco ball?
How long is the longest wedding dress?
How long are the world's smallest scissors?
What country issued out the smallest paper money in history? (The money is a national note.)
What year was the world's smallest guitar made?
How long is the world's smallest returning boomerang?
About how many times smaller is the world's smallest wine glass compared to a regular wine glass?
How long is the world's smallest penknife?
In what country was the world's smallest microphone produced?