Which were the two countries that fought during the Falklands War  
Which explorer discovered Cuba  
Who was the Chinese Emperor when Marco Polo visited China 
Who is known as the founder of Yuan Dynasty in China 
William Shakespeare was born in the year 
Who wrote the book 'Olive Twist' 
Aztec civilization was originated in which country 
Which famous book was written by Nostradamus 
Who was the Emperor of Russia during Russia Revolution 
When did the second Russian revolution start 
Who is known as the founder of Tudor dynasty in England 
Who is the creator of the world famous statue 'David' in Florence 
Leonardo da Vinci was born in the city of 
In which year did the Suez Canal was open for trade 
Who was the first Roman Emperor 
Which one was the capital city of Byzantine Empire 
Who was the founder of Ottoman Empire 
Crimean War was started in the year 
Who is known as the 'Father of History' 
The city of Alexandria was founded by Alexander the Great in the year 
'Bucephalus' was the name of the horse of  
Mozart was born in which country 
'Mein Kampf' is the autobiography which political leader 
Benito Mussolini was the Prime Minister of which country 
Who was the US President during World War II 
In which year Adolf Hitler was appointed as Chancellor of Germany 
World renowned philosopher Karl Marx was born in the country 
Who give the famous quote 'Government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the Earth' 
The organisation 'League of Nations' was founded after the end of 
The Inca civilization was raised in which country  
'St. Petersburg' city was founded by the 
World War I began in which year? 
Adolf Hitler was born in which country? 
John F. Kennedy was assassinated in 
Who fought in the war of 1812? 
Which general famously stated 'I shall return'? 
American involvement in the Korean War took place in which decade? 
The Battle of Hastings in 1066 was fought in which country? 
The Magna Carta was published by the King of which country? 
The first successful printing press was developed by this man. 




