Which one of the following processes of weathering belongs to both mechanical and chemical weathering?
The reaction that takes place in soap making is called saponification. Basically soap is sodium or potassium salts of
The metal constituent of chlorophyll is
During explosion of gunpowder, which of the following gases are evolved in the proportion of 1:3?
The major component used in preparation of different types of glasses is
The main constituent of vinegar is
The elements of a group in the periodic table-
The pH of fresh groundwater slightly decreases upon exposure to air because -
Which one among the following nontoxic gases helps in formation of enzymes which ripen fruit?
Age of fossil may be found out by determining the ratio of two isotopes of carbon. The isotopes are -
Which one among the following statements is correct?
Which one of the following reactions is the main cause of the energy radiation from the Sun?
Which was mainly responsible for the Bhopal Mishap in 1984?
The product used for manufacturing of Industrial alcohol is
Bleaching powder is used in drinking water as a-an
Which one of the following is the softest?
The compound which contains both ionic and covalent bonds is -
Number of different oxides formed by nitrogen is -
The element which form amphoteric oxides is -
The single acid which dissolves gold is -
Rectified spirit is a -
One of these substance contains no oxygen. which one?
Electrostatic precipitator is used to control
Alcoholic (-OH) group can be identified by:
Which gas is used for converting vegetable oils into saturated fats?
Which one of the following is used in the preparation of antiseptic solution?
Which one of the following is the softest?
A balloon filled with helium rises in air because--
Rusting of iron requires -
Uranium eventually decays into a stable isotope of--
Which of the toxic heavy metals is found in modern tannery industries?
Which of the following contains high content of lead?
Which of the following is not a mixture?
It is an industrial process of producing ammonia by the reaction of nitrogen with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst:
Stainless steel is an alloy of
Which of the following is the Chemical name of the salt we use in our kitchen?
Which of the following can be used to absorb neutrons to control the chain reaction during nuclear fission? 	 	
Glycol is added to aviation gasoline because it
Sodium thiosulfate (Na2S2O3) solution is used in photography to
Which of the following substance is not used in the alloy of stainless steel?
 	
