oil raise up the wick in a lamp. The principle involves
Superconductors are substances which
Light travels at the fastest speed in
Railway tracks are banked on curves
On a cold day when a room temperature is 15oC, the metallic cap of a pen becomes much colder than its plastic body, though both are at the same temperature of 15oC, because
Sound produced at a point is heard by a person after 5 second, while the same sound is heard by another person after 6 seconds. If the speed of sound is 300 m/s, what could be the maximum and minimum distances between the two persons?
Intensity of sound at a point is ____ its distance from the source.
Of the four locations mentioned below the highest inside temperature will be attained in the pressure cooker operated with the pressure valve open
Radio telescopes are better than optical telescopes because
Light Emitting Diodes (LED) is used in fancy electronic devices such as toys emit
Out of the following pairs, which one does not have identical dimension?
Mercury is commonly used as a thermometric fluid rather than water because
Optical fibre works on the
Light from the star, Alpha Centauri, which is nearest to the earth after the sun, reaches the earth in
Supersonic plane fly with the speed
Mach number is used in connection with the speed of
On a stationary sail boat, air is blown from a fan attached to the boat. The boat
Rainbow is due to
Stars which appear single to the naked eye but are double when seen through a telescope are
All of the following are electromagnetic waves EXCEPT
Solar eclipse will take place when
Isotopes of an element contain
One watt-hour is equivalent to
Sir C.V. Raman was awarded Nobel Prize for his work connected with which of the following phenomenon of radiation?
In which of the following industries is mica as a raw material?
Radiocarbon dating technique is used to estimate the age of
Identify the vector quantity from the following
Large astronomical telescopes always use as objective
One should not connect a number of electrical appliances to the same power socket because
Rainbow is produced when sunlight fall on drops of rain. Which of the following physical phenomena are responsible for this? I.Diffusion II.Refraction III.Internal reflection
Natural radioactivity was discovered by
Planets are
One nanometer is equal to
Mica is used in electrical appliances such as electric iron because mica is
It is easier to roll a barrel full of coal tar than to pull it because
Minimum number of unequal vectors which can give zero resultant are
Intensity of sound has
Rain is falling vertically downwards. To a man running east-wards, the rain will appear to be coming from
An aeroplane is flying horizontally with a velocity of 600 km/h and at a height of 1960 m. When it is vertically at a point A on the ground a bomb is released from it. The bomb strikes the ground at point B. The distance AB is
The speed of sound in air depends on


