What is an IBIS?
What is a KOBOLD?
What is a BOBOLINK?
What is a CARAMBOLA?
What is a DACE?
What is a PUCK?
What is a MILLER'S THUMB?
What is a ROBIN GOODFELLOW?
What is an EGRET?
What is a BITTERLING?
What is an AVADAVAT?
What is a FAY?
What is an AMBERJACK?
What is a LOQUAT?
What is a NISSE?
What is a ROUGHY?
What is a REMORA?
What is a POMELO?
What is a PLOVER?
What is the philosophy of beauty called?
What Italian expression, meaning "beautiful singing", defines an operatic style marked by perfect evenness of tones, vocal agility and brilliance?
Complete this quote by Rodney Dangerfield with the missing word: "When I was born I was so ugly the doctor slapped my _____"
Beauty to die for: ironically, the author of "The First Wives Club" and other best-sellers, who often advocated for the rights of ageing women, died during a face-lift at age 54. Who was she?
The oldest written testimony of plastic surgery appears in the "Sushruta Samhita", an early medical treatise that mentions several techniques for the reconstruction of noses, ears and lips. In which language is the original "Sushruta Samhita" written?
In his "Poetics" and "Metaphysics", Greek philosopher Aristotle formulated the chief forms of beauty which he found to be exemplified in mathematics. What are they?
According to James Joyce, this noun, originating from the Portuguese, is the "most intrinsically beautiful word in the English language". What word is it?
Joseph Merrick, known as "The Elephant Man" because of the monstrous deformation of his head and body, was the subject of a film by David Lynch starring John Hurt. Merrick died under mysterious circumstances, but, according to the doctor who took care of him, he suffocated because for once in his life he tried to do something in the same way as all normal people. What was it?
Aphrodite, the most beautiful of Greek goddesses, was married to the ugliest Olympian, the craftsman of the gods and god of fire. What was his name?
The "Belle of Louisville" is an iconic landmark in Kentucky. What is it?
"Of the visages of things - And of piercing through to the accepted hells beneath; Of ugliness - To me there is just as much in it as there is in beauty - And now the ugliness of human beings is acceptable to me", wrote this American poet in his most celebrated work, a collection of poems judged by Ralph Waldo Emerson as "the most extraordinary piece of wit and wisdom America has yet contributed". Who is the poet?
Russian/French painter Marc Chagall stated: "Art is the unceasing effort to compete with the beauty of ____ - and never succeeding." Complete the quote with the missing word, which refers to a recurring motif in Chagall's paintings.
Dissenting from widespread aesthetic views, in "The Descent of Man and Selection in Relation to Sex", this English scientist formulated his theory that beauty in nature is not arbitrary, but the result of a sexual selection, and is equally significant for humans and animals. Who is he?
Gothic buildings are often adorned with grotesque carved creatures projecting from the roof gutter. What are such monsters called?
Complete Lord Byron's verse: "She walks in beauty ______ 
Traditional iconography never shows an ancient Egyptian - man or woman - without elaborate make-up around the eyes. Called "Mesdemet", this special eye make-up was derived either from stibnite, the principal ore of antimony, or, more frequently, from lead sulphide. What is the primary mineral ore of lead?
Who recorded the title track "Beauty and the Beast" for the soundtrack to the eponymous Walt Disney movie that won an Academy Award and a Grammy Award?
Elizabeth Arden opened her first beauty parlour in New York in 1909, and soon expanded world-wide. What symbol not only represents her salons and spas, but also supplies the name for one of her perfume lines? 
Who played the "Ugly" in Sergio Leone's western "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly"(1966)?
This nihilistic art movement - also referred to as "anti-art" - emerged during World War I. Its exponents, in their "non-artistic" works, reversed every traditional canon of aesthetics, ridiculing all existing art forms, and reflecting the absurdity and ugliness of a society that was able to generate such a barbaric conflict. What is the name of this movement, whose most notable members were Marcel Duchamp and Man Ray?
A camisole is most like which of these?
