Plants wilt due to excess of
Monotremes are unique mammals because they
Poison glands of snakes are homologous to
Radical vascular bundles are those in which
Plant bends towards the source of light on account of the movement of curvature known as
Plant have ____ while animals lack it.
Osmosis is the flow of solution from higher concentration to a solution of lower concentration through a semi permeable membrane. What is incorrect in this statement
Photosynthesis is a process
On which of the following plants did Gregor Mendal perform his classical experiment?
Pigmentation of skin is due to
Norepinephrine increases
Night blindness is cause by lack of which vitamin?
Monocot root differs from dicot root in having
Radioactivity is a phenomenon of the spontaneous emission of
Organic Substances which, in very small amounts, control growth and development called
Our major foods, fibres, spices, fruits and beverage crops are
Movements due to light are shown by
Outer covering of virus made up of protein is
Radish is a
Most common disease of poultry in India is
Most abundant tissues of our body are
Mumps is a disease caused by
Rain water helps to increase the ____ to some extent.
Number of chromosomes in Down's syndrome is
Plants are killed in winter by frost
One of the following is most suitable for study of mutations
Pulses are a good source of
Oxygen in our blood is transported by a protein name
Nymph is the name of young one of
One day you wake with a sore throat and a runny nose. Your doctor takes a swab from your throat, sends it to a lab, and telephones you the next day to say that antibiotic will not help you get better. Which of the following is the most likely reason for the doctor's statement?
Plants that grow under average temperature and moisture are called
Oxyreductases, transferases, hydrolases, lyases, isomerases and ligases are all classes of
Mutation is
Pollination by wind is called
Pollen grains in plants are produced in
Nitrogen is fixed in ecosystems in ways stated below. Which one of the statements below is false?
Ptyalin is an enzyme produced in the	
Mycobacterium leprae causes leprosy, Corynebacterium diphtheria causes diphtheria and Vibrio comma causes
The sugar present in milk is _______.
The space between the plasma membrane and the cell wall of a plasmolyzed cell surrounded by a hypertonic solution is occupied by the 
The single horned Rhinoceros is protected at _______.



















