1917 is known for
Who among the following were known as physiocrates at the time of French Revolution ?
The European Renaissanceof the fifteenth century is noted for great advances in
Who among the following comanded the American force during American war of independence ?
The ideas of Liberty, Equality and Fraternity were Emphasised by
Among the four political parties listed below, which one was the last to be formed ?
Who among the following comanded the American force during American war of independence ?
Which year is associated with the outbreak of world war II ?
The Industrial Revolution in the last quarter of the eighteenth century in England first affected the
Which style of painting was used by early renaissance artists ?
Which of the following events symbolised the fall of autocracy during the course of French Revolution ?
Which of the following was the main feature of European Renaissance ?
Who was the Head of the provincial government of Russia in 1917 ?
The Boston Tea Party took place in
During the period of the Renaissances, new stules of architecture first developed in
Saint Simon, Charles Fourier and Robert Owen were
When did the second world war end ?
In which year, Alexander the Great become the king of Macedonia
The European renaissance started from which country
On which island of Franch, Napoleon was born
The Battle of Waterloo was fought in the year
In which year America got independence
Who is known as the Artist of the world famous painting 'Mona Lisa'
Who was the king during the french revolution
The Hundred Years' War (from 1337 to 1453) was fought between 
Queen Elizabeth I of England belongs to which dynasty 
'Boston Tea Party' protest was associated with the revolution of 
Which king of England was forced to signed the 'Magna Carta'
When the first Ancient Geek Olympic Game was begun
Who was the author of United States Declaration of Independence
Napoleon was exiled to the Saint Helena after the defeat in the war of 
Who was the President of America during American Civil War 
Industrial Revolution was started from which country 
When did Julius Caesar first invaded Britain 
Which Mountain's volcano buried Pompeii city with ash in 79 AD 
Which city was recaptured at the end of the first war of Crusade
First war of Crusade was ended in the year
Who was one of the teachers of Alexander the Great
In which year Christopher Columbus discovered america 
Which were the two countries that fought during the Falklands War 



